---
layout: post
title: Sunday January 12, 2020
author: Greg
tags: friends, church, side project
date: 2020-01-12
---

Up at 8:45. Coffee, qick morning getting ready for church. We have not been to a worship service in years. But we do go to Sunday school class with a group of peers whenever we're not at the farm. We enjoy the time with friends there. Have spoken many times about getting a group of families togeter to meet outside class on a weekly/monthly basis. I think many would appreciate that.

Got home, Julie trying to steam clean her truck. I'm on the computer, just had a steak. Kids ate some meats and cheeses. I have been struggling for years (yes, years), to figure out a side programming project to work on. Problem with that is making best use of time for the return.

Positive returns include:

1. Hobby time. I love to program. It's like Legos. I've said that for years to people. If you enjoy building things and solving problems, programming for the web is a ton of fun.
2. Profit. Maybe the project will have some commercial success and be the kind of thing that sins off vacation money or more.

At issue here is whether or not spending that time is worth either of those. Yes on #1, but the chances of the product being good enough for return #2 are so low, it may make sense to build something that has a better chance of throwing off cash.

But, what's that thing?

Planning on going to McMillan's house this afternoon to visit and watch the Texans play the Chiefs. I need to go exercize.